[Crowd talking]
So, after when Buddha become the Buddha, or after Siddhartha become the Buddha, and then
the Indira and Brahma, they recursive to turn the Wheel of Dharma or to give the teaching.
Buddha accepted the recursive, and the Buddha is coming from Buddhagaya to here to give the
teaching, because he saw this is the perfect place to turn the Wheel of Dharma, and so he
came here, and that time he has five former disciples during his ascetic time, right?
Ascetic time, time, time, and just before the Buddha become getting enlightenment, and
so they kind of didn't really feel happy with the young princess, the practitioners, and
because before they saw happy, the Buddha is so attentive, ascetic practice, ascetic
practices, around just before the Buddha is getting enlightenment, he went to this tone,
and he accepted some offerings, particularly what's called very rich muck-pudding from
young lady, and they thought, "Oh, Buddha now is falling back to the desire realm, and
now look at this, he's breaking his rules, or vows, he's accepting those rich food from
the young girls, and all this, so better we won't stay with him, he will become out-dementful,
and we cannot provide all the helpers we can leave."
So because of that thought, they left, they left here, they decided to come here, and
when Buddha accepted the teaching, when he became the Buddha, he saw these five students,
or five of these purpose are the perfect connected purpose to receive the first teaching, so
they invited us in here, so then Buddha walking this way, and also they heard that the Buddha
is coming, and they thought, "Okay, we're not going to see him, because he's chasing us,
or coming, running after us, and now he will demand all us to do a lot of work, whatever,
so we're not going to really pay any attention, we're not going to respect or welcome anything,
we're going to just pretend that we even never know him, like never going to speak that."
And they met their rule, inside they met the decision that they said each other that, but
when the Buddha is coming close, Buddha is so powerful, so splendid, so kind of majestic,
so calm, and so peaceful, so soothing, and it's just like coming, kind of the big sunlight
is coming towards them, they couldn't keep up their promise, or what their inner decisions,
immediately, someone come up, welcome the Gautama, and are you tired, you need, are you thirsty,
and all these things they started doing, and then, so Buddha sat down, and Buddha said,
don't call me Gautama, or just a regular name, I'm the fully A-worked one, and I'm ready
to give the teaching, so that sport is, I think, from Varanasi, maybe you saw, is called Jokhandas
thu,
but that is the place everyone says, that's the place where the post, he met his five
former five disciples, and him, I think they used to be big stupas, but after so many changes
came in India, throughout the history, and then when the Muslims came, I think they destroyed,
and at the top there, they put their, what's it called, the mosque, mosque or something, so it's
like
Muslim monuments, but that is the really sport, where the Buddha, post time, they met his five
disciples. Then Buddha and five students, they walked here, and walked from there to here,
and that is the right sport, everyone says, here's this the sport, where Buddha came here,
moment Buddha came here, and the teaching said, there's like, just naturally a bird, stone,
throne here, here, and Buddha walked like, kind of like, what's called, sarcomambalar,
claw-wise way, claw-wise way walked, and then Buddha sat on that throne, and we did five
disciples, and there's so many animals came around here, and there's so many animals from the
Deer Park, and 80,000 celestial beings surrendered to the Buddha, and give them, then first, first
is Paul Noble to the teaching, so everyone said, this is really the sport, where Buddha gave the
teaching, because, and many people were kind of think, this is the sport, because I showed
up at the pillar right there, and this is the sport here, that's what really Buddha gave
the first is teaching, for now, through the teachings, and then through all of them.
So, these five students, when they received the teaching, the first time we heard, or
when for now, through the teaching, when Buddha gave, immediately, one of them reached the
Arathahood, instantly reached Arathahood, and in that, in the Buddha's teaching said,
he, there's, in this world, there is a tree Arathas, first is a Buddha Shakyam himself,
and second, he is a disciple, and then Buddha repeated that for now, through the teaching,
three times, at the end, four of them also reached the Arathahood, then in the world,
there is six Arathas, that, and so, but this is the very sport where the Buddha first gave
the teaching, and, you know, always say that throughout that sense, then there is a lot
of Buddhist activities always there, and then, of course, Indian don't have exactly really
big history recorded, that exists, I think, treated so many changes, happened, destroyed,
or whatever happened, but always when we read histories of the Tibet, and as well as, particularly,
very famous Chinese pilgrimage, that, who came here, I think, fourth century, and around
the seventh century, their record is so precise, and so kind of detailed and thorough, and both
are explaining, there is so many monks who are residing, and even, I think, over thousand,
two thousand monks reside here, and practice in meditating, and particularly, in this area.
So, this is the sport where the Buddha gave the first noble, for noble truth teaching.
And so, this, and therefore, it always said, this is the birthplace of the Buddhism, the
Buddhism, the peaceful love and kindness, the compassion, non-volence, that really teaching
begins right from this sport, that's what everyone does agree, so that's it, that's
the brief, his story, brief introduction, even though, I think, you all know, but that's
again said. Okay, thank you. Thank you.